before we get started guys we want to
thank you for watching this channel so
we're giving away this figure it's Drax
and Groot
keep watching the breakdown to find out
how to get it
[Music]
wow what a way to start season eight
guys we are talking about American
Horror Story apocalypse episode one it's
called the end are you gonna share that
or what no you finished yours this is
mine
alright Greg's not sharing and there are
a ton of spoilers ahead so go watch the
episode then come right back down for
this full breakdown of episode 1 alright
let's get into it right from the
beginning ballistic missiles are in the
air they've taken out a handful of major
international cities and it's coming
right for LA next yeah it was quite a
way to start season 8 oh pretty scary
right terrifying to be honest this sums
it up pretty well for me many of us are
still dad mom's getting worse you have
to take her to see a real psychiatrist
look how can she is she's fine oh yeah
it's a complete frenzy in Los Angeles
there's tons of traffic people are
committing suicide everyone's just
freaking out and for me it was really
traumatizing to kind of watch it was
based in some sort of reality you could
see like in the in the future hopefully
it doesn't happen obviously but it was
extremely terrified some of that reality
we got from cult it's like a little bit
of a hold over this season oh my gosh
matters
so a ton of familiar faces if you've
watched American Horror Story before
obviously we got Evan Peters returning
we got Sarah paulsen later on in the
episode we introduced a mr. gallant then
his he's a hairdresser and Coco is this
celebrity slash Instagram influencer and
her assistant Malory and they're
basically on face time with family and
realized that the apocalypse is coming
so mad rush everyone's trying to get to
a safe safe place now we learned that
certain people who have money are safe
to go there yes and if you have money
you're safe
and if you have the right DNA you're
safe yeah a hundred million dollars will
get you in apparently and this we don't
know yet where they're going with DNA
but okay all right we're also introduced
to a shady government organization
called the cooperative is literally
seeking out individuals that are worthy
to be saved and not die in the
apocalypse we have a location prepared
for him where he'll be safe what do you
mean selected this has exceptional
genetic makeup makes him a prime
candidate and then we got a cool scene
at the beginning with Barack Billy
Eichner character in his relationship
with Coco that's a cool call back to
last season cult in the relationship
there with Billy Eichner Leslie Grossman
yeah fun little nod for HS fans that
watched last season oh they're back
again and they're in another
relationship although that relationship
isn't last very long because funny quote
here but he's stuck in Santa Monica and
is pleading with her not to leave him
there by the way Santa Monica's very
nice but in that traffic it could be
hell you are now free to see other
people
[Music]
we're also introduced to Evy gallant
Evan Peters grandmother who's
bankrolling this trip apparently and we
don't know much about her yet but she's
played by the legendary Joan Collins
yeah we found out she has a ton of money
you can obviously get them into this
shelter and also there are some fun
little nods obviously to her work in
dynasty that it's awesome burnt
champagne yes this is real grandma
people are going to die today let's have
some fun champagne champagne was
obviously frozen in the bottle at some
point if the champagne is too burned for
your taste miss Devereaux don't drink it
the caviar I trust is not that so a ton
of money gets you a private plane ticket
out of the blast zone and into safety
but I want to know who the hell is
flying that plane before we even get to
that I want to give a shout-out to the
chauffeur because apparently you pay
enough money they're willing to risk
their life for you even to the bitter
end I love that just wasting fools
outside on the on the runway that was an
epic scene and then they get on the
plane but like they find out that no one
is flying it I've got an idea where
they're going with that either they just
want to say like it's which is something
else is going on I feel like they're
gonna touch on that again at some point
who's that playing we have a theory and
we'll let you guys know about that later
on in this video I mean my favorite part
of every premiere for AHS is the opening
title sequence of course they're always
spot-on yeah it's really well done to
set the tone you hear that music
the merge of coven and Murder House
season 1 I loved it yeah if you look
really closely you'll see imagery that
we noticed from Murder House of course
and then also of coven and then on top
of all that is this satanic apocalyptic
imagery that is just the perfect tone
for this season so yeah it's gonna be
extremely messed up now as mentioned
before paying your way to safety is not
the only way to get into the shelter you
also might have the right DNA for it and
there's a funny moment when they talk
about why Timothy is actually going off
with the cooperative and it's because he
submitted his DNA to get tested and
sampled I have those 23andme set up
those boxes right behind me and now I'm
just looking at them like mm-hmm
[Music]
conspiracy yeah it's either you're
you're gonna be completely safe or
you're gonna be turned into a weapon or
this well cloned or who knows what's
going on but uh I expect after if
someone have seen this show they'd be
like wow I really need to do that so
that I might be saved in the case of an
apocalypse how do you know my genetic
makeup you submitted your DNA to an
ancestry website and then we're
introduced to outpost 3 which is the
fallout shelter for everybody and you
got these radioactive gas mask suits
come on what's what's going on there
yeah it kind of reminded me of an
obscure Star Wars character Imperial spy
long snoot remember in a new hope
outside of the cantina talking to the
stormtroopers they had this vibe that
was very menacing oh yeah know who who's
behind those masks we have no idea like
what's going on where we are but yeah it
seemed very very realistic they did it
close up and I immediately noticed Kathy
Bates though I didn't I did I could see
those eyes I was like that's Kathy Bates
so she does the whole like she don't
know move I didn't realise who there was
behind the faces until they you know
went inside and kind of cleaned off but
that's awesome yeah it was it really set
the tone of of like this major
government organization and like the end
of world of the world is actually
happening so he's a very good job of the
actual the set pieces that were there
right
yeah they even the design you're you're
in richest era yes a better sign of the
actual fallout shelters not like any any
normal just you know open a door and
you're in it was very I love the art
design going on this I the first episode
floored me with the art design so far
even the the costumes Victorian era
style we got going on right now I loved
it they mmm Richard Serra outlook on
everything perfect now outpost three is
one of the few remaining and maybe the
only remaining shelter after the nuclear
war and we're introduced to miss Venable
the wonderful Sarah Paulson is reprising
a new role and she's basically the head
honcho in this outpost and we quickly
learned that she's not so nice no no she
is not I'm Wilhelmina Venable welcome to
outpost me now don't forget the Sarah
Paulson she's gonna be playing three
different characters at least three
different characters we have Cordelia
Fox and of course Billie Dean Howard so
I don't know how they're gonna be
intersected me yeah it'll be interesting
how they mix all the different
storylines in different characters
especially if an actor is playing more
than one character kill one off yeah and
then just pretty easy actually kill one
off and the next one pops up there you
go now there is a sort of social
structure inside of these outposts if
you're wearing grey you're one of the
worker ants if you're in purple then
you're more of one of the elites and you
paid a bunch of money or if your DNA
matches pretty cool to see all the
design that goes into this and the
costumes like yeah awesome
I noticed all the Purple's get to sit
down and eat for dinner but what did the
grazie I want to I want to know what
what do they have is just like a jelly
bean a tic-tac it's not even like the
Purple's are getting that well either so
yeah the the greys are really screwed Oh
[Music]
okay so what are the rules for outpost
three we got you can't leave and no sex
none zero
which means of course Greg that
someone's gonna have sex gee I wonder
who it could be
like everything in this place we have to
ration one kiss per week just to be safe
now speaking of sex Timothy and Emily
it's pretty tease that they're going to
start some relationship we see them
kissing later on and there are the only
two characters I believe in a post three
that were mentioned DT yeah we gotten
there because of their DNA the specific
DNA yes they didn't pay they didn't have
the money to pay entry since this is a
horror story I'm guessing that they're
the only two because everyone else on
this show is a little bit of kin and
father we might see a lot of people get
act sooner or later in man house those
two might be untouchable
Mike yeah Big Mike's gonna make that
decision other characters that we've
obviously met at outpost three Kathy
Bates as Miz Meade mm-hmm always
menacing she's great that she has a
little bit of a boo vibe going on yes
definitely
Idina Porter is playing I think is Deena
Stevens yes it's like an Oprah kind of
vibe we got there definitely probably
paid her way to get there as well yeah
and then we get some other characters
and Andre ass too that had probably been
there for a while seems like they might
have paid their way to get there but it
doesn't turn out so well for Stu now
before we get the Stu because believe me
we want to discuss Stu all right peace
do all right please do but um it seems
like there's other powers at be here and
off the bat the 666 on the bathroom
mirror obviously we know that something
bad is is headed their way
or an already there Murder House ghost
baby
all right you mentioned dinner time
earlier in yeah dinner sucks yes you get
one look jell-o cube and have all the
vitamins you need and that's it and I
can only imagine this could get old
really quick oh the cube on your plate
contains everybody men are by
NEADS or so they tell us I'm still
hungry I am so tired of the hunger Wow
all that money and that's all you get
for dinner
I mean hey hey you survived the
apocalypse so this is what you get I
guess you should be thankful that you
get anything at all and you get some
safe shelter we then find out that if
you bring any radioactive particles or
anything's on you um they both quickly
find out and you will be punished you'll
be basically it washed
it'll be washed off of an outside inside
of you it and we'll just watch the way I
wonder spray looks completely horrible
that scene was to see Evan Peters but
for you just get it out of the way in
the first step it's gonna see you half
naked I gotta get his ass in the first
episode and we move on but the same time
I love how they come back to that later
and just reveal like now it was just the
thing just crank it up to ten and you
just like we can do whatever we want cuz
they're screwing with them we find out
later on so we find out that in his need
and as Venable mmm-hmm have been
basically torturing and tormenting any
of these guests that come in or
survivors that come in to this outpost
yes and that they can basically do
whatever they want because the so called
cooperative isn't gone quite as powerful
as it was it's almost completely gone so
they're just basically ruling this whole
little cult-like vibe by themselves at
the same time if you don't tell them
that I wonder are they just gonna go
completely nuts and all the food's gonna
be taken and everyone's gonna go yeah
yeah still I don't know if I would
torture my guests as fun but there has
to be a higher yeah we're definitely
going on yeah we definitely know though
that Miz Meade and Venable are
completely horrific characters and the
the bad that definitely the bad people
of this season until we meet the wigger
back for the witches or that the witches
got to save us yeah come on a perfect
example of how horrible miss Venable in
need are they take care of Stu
by murdering him and then they decide to
offer their guests a special dinner how
convenient
oh oh this is a difficult time for
everyone as a small consulate
we have a special treat no cubes tonight
enjoy the bonne bouche don't get used to
it
now they don't come out and say what it
is but the second they put those plates
down those bowls I'm like oh that yeah
it was like do not take a bite do not
take them wait wait wait wait
okay to everyone out there if this were
you and you got to eat are you gonna eat
stew or are you just gonna just toss it
away I'm sorry I'm gonna have this stew
I'm sorry but that's it I gotta eat hey
you gotta eat you gotta survive all
right guys
Greg Thomas is a cannibal apocalypse the
end of the world what are you gonna do
later on the perimeter alarms go off we
find out we have a new guest coming and
then you get the horse-drawn carriage
immediately before that was like oh it's
gotta be Michael it's gotta be yes this
is it it's the Satan he's here yeah
Michael Langdon is back we get a close
shot of his identification and we've
noticed a cup of you things here first
off Michael Langdon obviously his name
is there and then if you look at his ID
number at the end of that it says 666
this dude is Satan he is the Antichrist
and it turns out his clearance is
unlimited so he can do whatever the f he
wants to now a couple of things there
are two signatures the Chancellor of the
cooperative and the president of the
cooperative don't know if we're gonna
meet them later on but it definitely
seems like Michael Langdon has heard
about a post three and what is going on
there he's looking for his been able and
I don't maybe they have heard of him as
well or maybe they just noticed that his
he has a limited clearance I'm gonna go
get clearance and he can come as go as
he pleases
he seemed to know more about them the
way he was talking to been able it felt
like he he was under the impression that
they're not exactly doing what they
should be doing at the outpost he seems
to be a higher up at the cooperative and
he thinks that they think he knows that
they're screwing around there he also
tells him is need to tend to his horses
I didn't know that tender the horses
means shoot them in the head and throw
them off the cliff and then feed them to
these monsters but
hey either he controlled her to do that
or he just she knew to do that or hey
she's under his spell I don't know yeah
I don't know if he does he is he gonna
have powers we'll find out I just can't
imagine is he gonna do things like
levitation or a movie I don't know if he
has those kind of powers yet we'll see
now of course all you AHS veterans will
know this but Michael Langdon is the
child of Tate Langdon from Murder House
and Vivien Harmon
who was ripped by Tate inside the murder
house and he is the satanic offspring of
them and raised by Constance Langdon yes
and so now he is here grown up and
digging the outfit I like to look here
I'm very interview with the vampire
vibes he's a badass the last time we saw
him he had murdered his nanny
yes the babysitter at the end of Murder
House and the season finale and that was
it that's the last time it's the last
time I saw him he was like a little kid
and now who knows what he's done in the
years since then I have a feeling he may
have caused the apocalypse or had a hand
in it somehow someway a fun little
Easter egg when Michael appeared inside
of the app host:3 was the song that they
play it is actually a song from Murder
House the animal ate two episodes of
Murder House the the the season premiere
and then the season finale so it's
almost like one of the first songs we've
heard in the entire anthology series
it's patience and prudence tonight you
belong to me and it was a nice little
cue that Michael Langdon is back
very well done he's going to write some
stuff up okay let's jump in the favorite
moments now this episode was filled
actually with a lot of funny moments I
wasn't expecting that from the first 10
minutes I thought oh god I'm gonna I'm
in for some anxiety filled 45 minutes
that I'm gonna regret but I did not I
loved it my favorite moment is a tie
between this shot right here with Evie
don't be too disappointed don't you
don't know what disappointment is until
you've slept with healed Runa
and of course the hard cut 18 months
later that was great
they're still stuck in the same outfit
three we're saying and they're not even
any bit closer to being saved
there's got to be a morning
yeah you're totally right though there
are a ton of awesome moments in this
first episode I was a really good start
the season was um I loved the whole
thing with trying to get out of LA
traffic
everyone just freaking out obviously
it's overdramatized
and very heightened and as funny as an
apocalypse could be but I also really
enjoyed the dinner scene and just all of
them at the table and obviously this
quote I have a feeling that we're gonna
be at coining this phrase throughout the
season the stew is stew the stew is stew
I have a feeling that's what they want
us to do everyone freaking out and
literally like the disgusting parts of
them just like picking out like fingers
and like two teeth and nails like the
whole thing was just completely gross
but it was fun to see the people that
were grossed out by it and then the
people that were just chilling and like
all good like eating it like they've
what I love about our story that's what
I love about this show more of that give
us this cute nods but just keep it gross
and keep it just funny all right guys as
promised let's take a quick break and
tell you more about this contest to win
this guardians of the galaxy Drax and
Groot figure from our friends over at
fun comm and it's extremely easy to
enter guys first you got to live in the
US and second subscribe to GameSpot
universe and then enter the contest with
the bitly link in the description or in
comment below
now this contest only runs from
September 13th to October 1st so hit
that link right now enter now guys do it
alright Greg back to American Horror
Story let's talk about any predictions
and theories we have moving forward for
the rest of the season yeah we didn't
get a look at C's episode 2 but you and
I have some ideas of what might be
happening down the road here just a few
just tiny tiny tiny things here first
off let's talk about the sanctuary that
Michael mentions he mentions Michael
Langdon mentions a sanctuary where he
wants to take some of the people or
maybe none of the people over - yes what
do we think of this it's either in this
Robichaud sanctuary we're talking about
here or I have a feeling we're gonna get
something with the witches with this
thing yeah I think I think they they
want Ryan Murphy and the whole crew
wants you to believe that we're going to
the New Orleans
coven with that sanctuary but it might
be might be almost too obvious of a
choice
yeah also he's lying to her obviously I
think whatever they're sending him his
sayings playing he's picking who he
chooses here right he's gonna tempt
those people that are left over the
survivors that are left over for his own
good yeah and I we think that it might
be Emily and Timothy now speaking of
Emily and Timothy yes we get a whole
Adam and Eve story I think we're going
here and it just it I just get the vibe
you can't have sex what are they doing
and early on they're getting close to
that and now the devil shows up hmm gee
I wonder what's gonna happen original
sin yeah yeah they're definitely tempted
by everything around them each other and
now the double that showed up it's not
looking good no it all hell's about to
break loose in this place I have to
bring it up again Greg in the private
jet I mean who is flying the private jet
I get that it's autopilot in jets but
you can't take off and land a jet
without anyone flying it is it Evie I
see a secret which bets that's my go
right now this is my my theory is he's a
secret which that's why no wonder why
she's always so chill and just like I
thought it was the Maya it was the money
that made her like super chill but maybe
she does have this secret witch powers
there's more to or he might part be part
of the coven mm-hmm and she just don't
worry about this
she don't yeah we don't know how that
pointy landed we maybe they just want us
to go with it that's definitely what's
coming up in the next episode right
we're gonna get background into like and
I feel like a lot of the seasons gonna
do that as well right it's gonna we're
gonna jump times yes a lot we're gonna
go back to five hours before the
apocalypse of ten hours after the
apocalypse we're gonna jump around a lot
it's been kind of fill in the puzzle
pieces of what happened Emily's back
story we haven't got that yet I'm
guaranteeing you that's gonna happen the
next episode of the episode after unless
she's a huge baddie we just don't know
it yet in the last question that we have
was not the last we saw of Billy Eichner
I want to say no but they did say he was
only guest starring right he was
credited as guest starring in this
episode but it would make sense that we
didn't see him there in the blast
that he could have found some kind of
shelter or something happened and he's
gonna get his revenge on Koko
doubtful yeah what a way to go out right
just stuck in LA traffic oh that's
horrible if any of you guys have been in
LA traffic that's that's not fun guys
that's it for us here let us know what
questions theories predictions you might
have for American Horror Story
apocalypse in the comments below or on
Twitter I'm at Ryan Eric P I'm at Greg
ft one five five and also you know
subscribe to this channel because we
will be doing breakdowns for every
single episode of American Horror Story
you can't tell we are extremely excited
for the season oh yes can I get another
cube please kind of get one of those
cubes no that's mine I need it for the
next year that's how it worked right